A script named tachycardia.py contains a function named is_tachycardic. The function receives a single word and outputs whether 'tachycardic' is present in the word.

Once the tachycardia.py code is compiled in Python by accessing the repository and typing "python3 tachycardia.py", the user is issued a prompt to enter a word. When the user enters a word, the word is taken as an input to the is_tachycardic function and called in_word. The word that is entered can be upper case, lower case, mixed case, or have leading/trailing spaces or punctuation. In the is_tachycardic function, the input string is evaluated for the presence of the word 'tachycardic' in it. If the function assesses that 'tachycardic' is contained in the word, then a boolean value of True will be returned. Otherwise, a boolean value of False is returned. 

To account for upper case, lower case, and  mixed cases, the word is converted so that all of the letters are lowercased using the lower() command. In the if statement, the code looks for the word 'tachycardic' to be present inside the string rather than being set equal to the string (i.e. 'tachycardic' == in_word). If the latter was the case, then strings containing 'tachycardic' with leading/trailing spaces and punctuation would incorrectly return a False value. Once the program returns a value of True or False, it prints the value.

Several comprehensive unit tests were developed to assess the functionality of is_tachycardic. These tests are present in a module called test_tachycardia.py. The test module imports the is_tachycardic function from tachycardia.py. In the first unit test, the function is called with an input, 'tachycardic'. The output of the function is then compared with the actual answer using the assert command. In this case, the asserted answer was 'True'. Multiple different input and expected output cases were tested using the parametrize decorator. For these tests, an upper case, mixed case, case with leading and trailing spaces, case with leading and trailing punctuation, and two cases that did not contain 'tachycardic' were tested with expected outputs. The tests can be run with the command, "pytest -v".

TravisCI was enabled and used in the repository, and feature branches were merged with the master branch only after TravisCI reported a passing status and the modules complied with Pep8 standards.
